-
Project 
-   Energy
Although renewable energy sources have been appearing for the past decade, 
they do have some drawbacks despite their benefits. Renewable energy is 
classified as energy which is produced and can be replenished at a 
sustainable rate, from a source that is inexhaustible. Thus, they appear to 
be a solution to the energy problem as their impacts are less adverse than 
those of fossil fuels. However, renewable energy has some drawbacks such as 
flooding when building dams, harm to marine ecosystems when harnessing wave 
or tidal energy and even contributing to pollution in the case of waste 
solar panels. In our case, biofuels are only used once for conversion into 
electricity, and we propose that the heat generated during the process be 
used for electrical generation too.

A large amount of food is wasted every year. However, we could use those 
discarded food in order as biofuels to produce energy. The current concern 
is that this would take food away from those who need it, those who might 
not be able to afford food. However, we propose that we only use food that 
is unfit for consumption, such as expired, or contaminated food. This is 
still a huge amount, and they could be converted into biofuels. Using 
biofuels could reduce the reliance on other forms of energy, which reduces 
the risk of electricity deficit when one source is down. The conversion of 
food into biofuels could take place in industrial areas, such as the Tuas 
areas or Jurong Island in Singapore.

We are Secondary Two students, and all have at least Two years of experience 
of designing, coding and building robots.
------------------------
-
Additional
- eHowever, burning the food gives out exhausts, which pollutes the environment. 
Fortunately, we have come up with a solution. The exhausts would be 
transported through pipes into a centralised area. When it accumulates, 
the exhaust air would be able to move a turbine, moving a generator, and 
eventually generate electricity.

The exhaust is put in a tank and pressurised by packing a lot of the exhaust
 together and enough for it to move turbines and generators
-------------------------
-